Add address query parameter to ws server (#1739)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/api-behavior.md

+ `history=no` -> Prevents historical outputs display. All server outputs are recorded and when a client re-connects these outputs are replayed unless `history=no` query param is used.
+ `snapshot-utxo=no` -> In case of a `SnapshotConfirmed` message the `utxo` field in the inner `Snapshot` will be omitted.

> + `address=$address` -> In case of a `TxValid` or a `TxInvalid` message, it will be filtered if its `transaction` address does not contains a reference to the provided.

Reviewer: ❤️

> + `address=$address` -> In case of a `TxValid` or a `TxInvalid` message, it will be filtered if its `transaction` address does not contains a reference to the provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ `address=$address` -> In case of a `TxValid` or a `TxInvalid` message, it will be filtered if its `transaction` address does not contain a reference to the provided one.
```

> + `address=$address` -> In the case of a `TxValid` or a `TxInvalid` message, it will be filtered if its `transaction` address does not contain a reference to the provided. In the case of a `SnapshotConfirmed` message, it will be filtered if its `confirmed` transactions do not contain an address that references the provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `address=$address` -> In the case of a `TxValid` or a `TxInvalid` message, it will be filtered if its `transaction` address does not contain a reference to the provided. In the case of a `SnapshotConfirmed` message, it will be filtered if its `confirmed` transactions do not contain an address that references the one provided.
```
